This is the conclusion of the workshop.
Again, I'd like to highlight that there
is a repo with a lot of resources.
Frontend Masters-UX,
it has all of the code.
I'll make sure that any updates
that I need to make are propagated.
But it has all the things that I use.
So it has the view Chrome Dev Tools
which are incredibly handy.
Again, I stress super handy,
as well as the slides,
which I used in this particular course.
There's also some bonus content which
I didn't really talk about because we
ran out of time.
But View3 is coming soon,
maybe when this gets released.
I don't know.
But there is a debate within the View
community about whether you need Vuex
with View3 because View3 allows you
to extrapolate reactivity, and so on.
So I have some bonus material in there,
if that interests you in any way,
the exercises are there.
And so yeah, and with that,
thank you so much for attending and
asking questions, and everything.
And yeah, that's all I have.